Social Media App 

Name - ‘Breeze’ , ‘Sky’, ‘Blue’ , ‘Purple’, 
Description - a social media app that combines fashion and music. Like the fashion side of Pinterest but make it more interactive. It’s kinda like a social fashion discovery + music-vibe + shopping. 

Moto/Slogan - 
Wear the vibe
Style meets sound

Notes / Things -
little note: maybe it'll just be an app with weekly challenges to find the best outfit or song for the challenge. But, those who post outfits, can tag brands, put links, and share where they got the piece from. The vibe: sharing curated looks. 

Weekly challenges inspired by music genres and artists (Wear the vibe challenge according to a song, best outfit that represents this artist/album, competitions for different genres, concepts, weather,...)
Trend discovery feeds blending viral fashion and music content
Follow users by fashion style, music taste, location
AI-powered recommendations to discover like-minded creators and trends
Users can tag songs and fashion items in one post
Users create moodboards mixing photos, music clips, videos, and text
Posts combining both — e.g., an outfit inspired by a track, or a song moodboard
Post fashion looks/outfits, music clips, playlists, or song recommendations
Will have an explore feed by trending looks or outfit vibe/genre
Users will be able to like, commend, share, save, favorite
Section for shopping from what was posted
Tech Stack - 
React Native / HTML/CSS - frontend 
Node.js / Django - backend 
Music API - spotify/apple/etc 
Database - PostgreSQL
AI suggestions: OpenAI for labeling, hashtags, writing, …
Shopping links, shopify API, etc. 
Hosting - Vercel + AWS

Clarity:
What does the app do ? 
The app will be made for people who want to share their outfits, for users who want to find inspiration, and for people looking to discover new styles. It will have weekly challenges to promote the app and be more interactive. Think of Spotify and fashion Pinterest combined. 
Who are my target users?
People who use fashion pinterest, instagram, and spotify. Those who are interested in fashion, music, challenges. 
MVP - minimum viable product 
…



